Feature/313 get user projects (#334)
DigitalExcellence/dex-backend: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Automatically link users to their institution - [#295](https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/295)
- Collaborators are now included on the project overview page - [#317](https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/317)

> - Added functionality to retrieve a users project - [#313](https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/313)

Reviewer: Final request change :smile: . I will approve after this change!

```suggestion
- Added functionality to retrieve a user's project - [#313](https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/313)
```

### Added

- Added ability to make projects private to a specific institution - [#310](https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/310)

> - Added ability to retreive all user projects - [#313](https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/313)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ability to retrieve all the user's projects - [#313](https://github.com/DigitalExcellence/dex-backend/issues/313)
```
